# Conventions

The source of Demaker's Game uses a specific style of GDScript in order to keep implementations organized due to nuances of the engine and language.
# Folder Structure

The entire project folder is a Godot 4* project, with several folders meant as special directories in regards to the source and .

The **Editor** folder (`editor/`) is meant for assets that are only reflected in the editor. These include but aren't limited to,
- Custom Node/Resource icons
- Tool scripts for editing and workflows

The **Dev** folder (`dev/`) is meant for assets that won't make it into a build (both Debug and Release builds).

==TODO: Write an EditorExportPlugin to exclude resources in /dev and /editor. ==

The **Docs** folder (`docs/`) is meant for documentation. Files in here will be ignored by the engine because of `.gdignore`.
# Code Style (GDScript)
## Private Members/Fields
Functions/variables cannot be made private. To work around this, preface the variable's name with '\_'.
## Properties (setters and getters)
### Read-only Properties
Properties with only setters can be made. However, this will call the default setter. Instead, place an assert(false) at the setter.

```assert(false, "read-only")```
### Hidden Properties
Usually, a GDScript property can either reference itself (an underlying member generated by Godot), or a base field prefaced with '\_'. Since '\_' typically prefaces private variables, a developer might be inclined to reference the private flagged variables within a script's own implementation; however, this might end up with unintended consequences.
To solve this, mark a property as 'hidden' by instead prefacing the base field with '__' (a double underscore).
